Add docs on how to integrate with dynamo (#6459)
pytorch/xla: docs/dynamo.md

geomean | 3.04

Note 

> 1. User will likely see better inference performance by putting the inference execution in a `torch.no_grad` context. `openxla` is a `aot-autograd` backend of `torch.compile`. `Aot-autograd` will attempt to save some state for potential backward. `torch.no_grad` will help `aot-autograd` understand that it is being executed in a inference context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User will likely see better inference performance by putting the inference execution in a `torch.no_grad` context. `openxla` is an `aot-autograd` backend of `torch.compile`; `aot-autograd` attempts to save some state for a potential backward pass. Setting `torch.no_grad` helps `aot-autograd` understand that it is being executed in an inference context.
```
